Name - Arjun Dass
CWID - 10416575
Course - SSW - 555 - A
Homework 3

Q1. Describe what happens at each of the following events for one of the "middle" sprints.
	1. Sprint planning for sprint 3:
	Ans 1.  In sprint planning for sprint 3, a meeting is organized which is attended by the Product owner, Scrum master and the development team. They discuss the product backlog. The product owner identifies the features that are needed for the product. The developers develops a task list and identifies all the tasks that are required to implement those features. The compute an estimated time that is required to implements all the features listed in the task list.

	2. Daily Scrum during sprint 3:
	Ans 2. 	The Daily scrum meeting happens every day during a sprint which is attended by the Scrum master and the Developer Team. The Product owner can also attend the meeting but he cannot participate in the meeting. The meeting is aimed for providing stability for developers during the sprint. The meeting requires all the members of the team to attend the meeting standing so that the meeting doesn't stretch for long. The developers discuss what they did during the last sprint  and what will they do before the next sprint. The scrum master is responsible to make sure that the meeting is short and all important topics are covered.

	3. Sprint review for sprint 3:
	Ans 3. The sprint review is attended by the Product Owner, Stakeholders, Developer Team and the Scrum master. This review is conducted at the end of each sprint. During this phase the working of the product is shown to the customer. The features of the implemented product is compared to the planned features. If there are any incomplete features then they are re-estimated and are added to the product catalog. The new features are collected and added as user stories based on the review and the product architecture is updated. The development team also discuss about the issues occurred during the sprint. 

	4. Sprint retrospective for sprint 3:
	Ans 4. This meeting is attended by the Scrum Master and the development team. This meeting keeps track of the progress made by the developers in the last sprint. The developers and the scrum master discusses about what they have achieved till far and what can they improve about the product's implementation and what was the most surprising part of the last sprint. This helps them in solving similar problems during the upcoming sprints. 


Q2. For each role on the team describe how they update or review the burn-down chart at the each of the events mentioned above, and why they perform each actions. 
Ans1. The burn down chart represents the estimated time to complete a task with respect to the actual time taken.

	Developer Team:-
	The developer team, before the sprint provides an estimate time required to complete a user story. After working one a user story, the developers provides the actual time taken to complete these user stories. During the review phase, the observe the burn-down, and observe what went wrong, so that they take necessary and appropriate steps in the next sprint.

	Scrum Master: - 
	Scrum master is the one who creates the Burn-down chart. Based on the estimated time and actual time of implementing the user stories, provided by the developers, the scrum master creates a burn-down chart. He remain in touch with the product owner about the progress of the team. If there are any issues during the review, the scrum master provides the details to the product owner for those inconsistencies. 

	Product-Owner:- 
	The product owner provides the valuable business related user stories and the expected release time to the developer team. During the sprint planning, the product owner discusses the burn-down chart with the developers. He is also responsible to prioritize the user stories based on their importance. 	
